Example for conanrun (#2519)
conan-io/docs: reference/conanfile/tools/env/virtualrunenv.rst

environment, so the environment can be restored when desired. The file will be named also following the
current active configuration, like ``deactivate_conanrunenv-release-x86_64.bat``.

Given that, let's see, for instance, how to set the ``PYTHONPATH`` through the ``runenv_info`` to be applied when running a command
from ``test()`` side:

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: conanfile.py

    import os
    from conan import ConanFile

    class HelloConan(ConanFile)

        # ...

        def package_info(self):

>             self.runenv_info.append("PYTHONPATH", os.path.join(self.package_folder, "my-site-packages"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            self.runenv_info.append_path("PYTHONPATH", os.path.join(self.package_folder, "my-site-packages"))
```
Maybe even prepend_path?

Author: I can tell it in a comment

Reviewer: In any case, the ``_path`` is necessary, isn't it?

Author: that's it

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: test_package/conanfile.py

    from conan import ConanFile

    class HelloTestConan(ConanFile):
        # VirtualBuildEnv and VirtualRunEnv can be avoided if "tools.env.virtualenv:auto_use" is defined
        # (it will be defined in Conan 2.0)
        generators = "VirtualRunEnv"

        # ...

        def test(self):

>             self.run("set PYTHONPATH", env="conanrun")

Reviewer: This is Windows only, better clarify or remove it

Author: Oh, sure!

environment, so the environment can be restored when desired. The file will be named also following the
current active configuration, like ``deactivate_conanrunenv-release-x86_64.bat``.

> Given that, let's see, for instance, how to set a ``MYPATH`` variable through the ``runenv_info`` to be applied when running a command
> from ``test()`` side:

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can rephrase, something similar to this?

```suggestion
Let's see and example on how to add an environment variable to the runenv_info and getting its value later in the consumer explicitly invoking the `conanrun` environment.
```
